website pagespeed why does it really
matter
hey i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host of the top 100
marketing podcast
business growth show and today i'm going
to be talking all about
why page speed is so important along
with some actionable tips
of how you can improve your website page
speed from today when we're coming on to
kind of website best practices
and making sure your website has got the
best chance to generate leads
is before someone even sees your site
before they even land to the top hero
area
above the fold on your site or your
landing page your website needs to load
quick
so having a great page speed so making
sure your website loads lightning fast
ie under two seconds is really really
crisp
is really important because if you're if
your site's slow
then someone's just gonna head again to
a competitor that gives them a better
experience
and you've lost them before they've even
had a chance to look at your content or
your design
so that is that's a crucial issue that
many sites get wrong
and you can just use google page speed
insights to test your speed on mobile
and desktop right now
so if you're running say a lot of sites
are built by wordpress
and a common issue is having too many
plugins
which can really slow a site down
having two heavy images having too many
videos
using a lot of code on what's called
front end code like
jquery javascript making that too heavy
having animations on your home page or
certain pages your site
um so all these kind of things can add
up and
over time slow down your site so just be
wary of kind of how much
um different features or content your
site needs to load and a bonus tip is to
make sure that you've got
really good hosting for your site so try
to avoid
budget hosting packages reason being is
they tend to jam
hundreds if not thousands of websites on
the same server
which in turn can slow down your website
down so
make sure you've got sufficient
bandwidth sufficient memory
and basically you're not going for the
cheapest hosting possible to avoid those
issues
and to keep your website nice and quick
if you enjoyed today's
episode please do hit that subscribe
button and
why not leave us a five star review if
you're listening in and with that
we'll catch you on the next episode